Without the support of the Lord
Isu Lingyan
The intelligence is simply not enough to function
Billions of orders
Once the collaboration is initiated
What awaits the Su family is not prosperity
But the summer will fall
No matter what choice Su Lingyan makes
In the end he will understand that there is no main outpost
He Su Lingyan is nothing
Sure enough, it's Great Xia Qiyuko
As if deserved
And here's what's really rare.
How could he be so aggressive towards the main merchant?
Have you carefully prepared a plate of big tools?
The tree is wrong
Don't assume that the Lord
How was the last thing handled?
The information is all here
It's still Qingming Sir
How is that possible?
Brat, although you are not as handsome as me
But you are lucky
The daughter-in-law is watery
Give birth to a child designated
Do you want to treat your wife well in the future?
Their family is worth everything you have to keep
No wonder at that time
So many words sound so strange
Old man, you are so stubborn
I can't pull the link until I die
The origin of the master's jade pendant has been found
Come down and say that the jade pendant comes from the Xiao family in the imperial capital
Imperial Capital Xiao Family
That's right, 20 years ago, there were 366 people in the family
The Xiao family in the imperial capital that mysteriously disappeared overnight